v8.5.6: dm experimentally supports foreign key (#22616)
pingcap/docs: foreign-key.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> - [DM](/dm/dm-overview.md): starting from v8.5.6, DM provides experimental support for replicating tables that use foreign key constraints. For supported scenarios and limitations, see [DM Compatibility Catalog](/dm/dm-compatibility-catalog.md#foreign-key-cascade-operations). In versions earlier than v8.5.6, DM disables the [`foreign_key_checks`](/system-variables.md#foreign_key_checks) system variable when replicating data to TiDB, so cascading operations are not replicated to the downstream cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DM](/dm/dm-overview.md): starting from v8.5.6, DM supports replicating tables that use foreign key constraints as an experimental feature. For supported scenarios and limitations, see [DM Compatibility Catalog](/dm/dm-compatibility-catalog.md#foreign-key-cascade-operations). In versions earlier than v8.5.6, DM disables the [`foreign_key_checks`](/system-variables.md#foreign_key_checks) system variable when replicating data to TiDB, so cascading operations are not replicated to the downstream cluster.
```
